A sixth-rank official without real power
This capital is everywhere
This world has to be the world of the ruler
The lady's family is not bad
What's more, Mr. Zheng is talented
The lady treats you well
Bad hands can be a good story in the future
It's been passed down through the ages.
What are you thinking about all day?
Also famous
Why don't you say enter the palace to be a concubine? Hahaha
Wife, there is a temperamental guest outside
Let this servant send you a letter
Said he wanted to invite the lady to taste it
Unruly stuff
The wife has chosen Mr. Zheng
How can it be changed?
Say if you received someone else's benefit
Uh lady head
Put it on the table
Tell the guest that the red sleeve is in the heart.
Now these servants are getting more and more unruly
It seems that I have taken good care of it
They're all miserable people
Why are you making things difficult for others?
Lady, you are just too soft-hearted.
Whatever, I'll meet these unruly guests in the future
Please go out directly
I don't welcome them in Hongxiulou
Invite Mr. Zheng in
Wait a minute.